Cochrane Team Contract
Team members:
Jingnan Yang - jy4fch                                                                               
Justin Ward - jw8vw                                                          
 
Introduction
In order to prepare our team for teamwork in the upcoming Cochrane project, we have created this team contract that will specifies the goals, procedures, roles and responsibilities, and rewards and punishments for the team as a whole and each team member.
 
Goals
For the client, namely Cochrane, we will provide them with a application prototype with minimum functionality that matches the reviews for medical journals and literatures on Cochrane with the relevant articles on Wikipedia, identifies the lack of coverage in Wikipedia articles when a match for the review is unavailable, and notifies editors when a match is discovered so that they might cite Cochrane reviews in their articles.
Through doing this for our client, our team plans to gain exposure working with real world data problems in an area where little research has yet to be made. More specifically, we will also be gaining more in depth knowledge of natural language processing methods and how they can be used for building a text recommendation system. Working on a long-term project, we will also gain experience working on team-based data projects.
 
Procedures
Meeting Requirements:
All team members will be present and on time for all meetings. If one member is going to be absent from a meeting, due to excusable reasons such as illness or family emergency, he should notify the other teammate, the advisor, and the client as soon as possible. All information acquired in each meeting should be clearly recorded in a team log. Proper conduct should also be maintained at each meeting. This means acting professionally, treating clients and each other respectfully, and making sure to give full attention to the meeting (i.e. no phones).
Interaction requirement:
Each team member should be responsive to the messages sent from the client, the advisor, the other teammates. Communication with the client should be handled through email. Communication with other teammates and the advisor can be done with either email or slack depending on the situation. All messages should be replied within 1 calendar day.
The replied messages should also be available to all parties involved, including the other teammate, advisor, and the client if relevant.
Decision Making Method:
For any new agenda, teamwork, deadlines, or decisions to be made, both team members should agree on that. If a decision cannot be made and one is needed urgently, the team should consult the advisor for arbitration. Otherwise, such decision can be postponed for further discussion. A team member, if they feel they have the time to adequately perform this given other tasks, may try out other methods in their own time and discuss them with the team if the results are positive.
Changing Current Contract:
If for some reason the current contract is no longer found to be adequate to either teammate, the team will review and discuss the contract and decide on how they might want it to change. Both teammates and the advisor must agree on any changes to the contract.
 
Member Roles and Responsibilities
Scheduling/Time Management:
One group member will be responsible for setting up meetings and keeping the group notified of these meetings as well as the meetings’ times and locations. They will also keep track of deadlines for each step of the project and making sure that the other team members are aware of approaching deadlines and they are completing work at an adequate pace.
Documentation:
One group member will be in charge of recording and keeping information of all meetings with the advisor and the client and summarizing the information for future reference. In addition, he will be responsible for keeping a log of our weekly accomplishments and presenting the log to the advisor and client at each meeting.
 
Rewards and Punishments
If all goals are being completed on time and no rules have been broken for a semester, the team can gather to have a after party to celebrate what has been done.
There will punishments when a team member breaks one of the rules agreed upon in the team contract. The punishments will escalate with the times of rule breaking incidents.
The first time there will be a discussion about why the rule was broken, and the team member who breaks the rule has to purchase tea or snacks for the other teammate. If this happens again, the same punishments as before will apply. In addition, the rule-breaking teammate will be required to buy a free lunch for the other teammate.
For any more rule breaking instances, the advisor will be brought into the discussion and steps of punishments will be determined with the advisor. The teammate will also be temporarily relieved of his responsibility in decision making and rule changing.
